The villain is ugly
The music we made
That's the theme song of the movie.
Who is Zhu Yue?
He was a beautiful man.
You see what actor you already know this is
Isn't it just a supporting role?
Isn't that just a supporting role?
Supporting actors also determine the quality of the show
Hurry up and find it again
Can you act?
Will not
Isn't the host acting all the time?
Do you want to act? No
So let me tell you a scene.
You go first
Student Sheng, why don't you play it?
Also let the director give up
humble
So I want you to play a state
The surface is cloudy and windy
It's actually a peak star
That is, you dare to do anything
But you have to try your best to pretend that you are usually
It's normal.
OK
Ah pay attention
It's a mantle, not a mental illness
It's not bipolar.
Is that so?
That's right, that's right.
Look, this is the master I want, that's him